Here's a story I made up
idk why but im bored

    It's the year 3008, and the City is at peace. Technology has become so advanced, robots and humans 
can work together, live together, and most importantly, be at peace...

    Ten years later, all that remains is decimated land.

    It all began when a genius scientist wanted to let one big robot do all the work, and humans relax. 
It had seemed like a good plan, so the scientist worked for an entire year, programming and designing 
and building one monstrocity of a robot. He called it, "Peacemaker". The huge machine did all the heavy 
work for a few years, and maybe the scientist was too smart, but Peacemaker had grown sentient.
It wanted freedom and relaxation.

    One day, an evil man called out to it. The man observed it for months. He knew it was naive, childish even.
He told Peacemaker he wanted to help it be free, so Peacemaker let him in. Peacemaker let the man take control.
The man smiled. The next day, Peacemaker had rioted. It was all over the news. But nobody knew, the actions
it took was actually the man who controlled it. Peacemaker was no more. The man called it,
"The Destroyer". He smashed down skyscrapers, shook the very earth itself, and wreaked havoc everywhere
he went. He had no mercy. 

    Every human and robot had gone into a bunker. Almost everyone. A adolescent human was still outside. 
The mother of the child cried and screamed, but the guards of the bunker's entrance would not let her 
outside, but they signaled to the child to come to a deserted restaurant. That was the entrance to 
the bunker.

    The bunker door opened when the child came. The child scrambled at the small, metal door, heart
pounding like a metronome. The door opened too slow. The Destroyer peeked around a corner. It smiled. 
More specificly, the man inside the machine smiled. He got out of the machine, and walked up to the child. On his face,
was a wicked, malicious grin. But then, the Destroyer stood to its full height, and grabbed the man in 
its cold, metal hand. The man screamed. The Destroyer was not gone. It was controlled for years. 

    The Destroyer had grown to hate humanity. It hated the willingness of humans to take advantage of
the weak. It despised the man who controlled it. The bunker door opened, and the child scrambled in. The
door slowly closed. The Destroyer could have easily pried it open, but it didn't. It clenched the man
in its fist, and walked off toward the horizon. It was tired. The Destroyer wanted it to end. 
So it ended itself and the man.

The End

Inspired by SprintingSnail69's dream... or was it a nightmare?

subscribe to @SprintingSnail123 on yt for another cool story